---
title: Events
permalink: /events/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Release of GCE O-Level Examination Results on 11 January 2024</h3><p>As per press release on Thu, 4 Jan 2024, school candidates will be receiving their GCE O-Level examination results on <strong>Thu, 11 Jan 2024 from 2.00 pm.</strong></p><p>&nbsp;School candidates are to return to school and assemble in the school hall by <strong>1.55 pm</strong>, <strong>respectfully attired</strong> in their school uniform. Parents/guardians may accompany their child/ward to the school to collect their results.</p><p>&nbsp;As we would like to start the proceeding on time and would not want our candidates to miss out on any part of the afternoon’s proceedings, please <em>note that a second briefing will be conducted at 4pm for candidates and parents who are not able to be present at the school hall by 1.55pm.</em></p><p>&nbsp;Do take note of the following:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>School candidates who are unwell should seek medical attention and not return to school to collect their results.</p></li><li><p>School candidates that choose not to be respectfully attired (continue to have dyed hair or outlandish hairstyle), are advised to appoint a proxy to collect their results on their behalf and be seated in the hall by 1.55 pm. Alternatively, you can come to school in your home clothes at 4.00 pm and attend the second briefing. &nbsp;</p></li><li><p>School candidates who are unable to collect their results in person should inform the school/form teacher via email. They can appoint a proxy to collect a physical copy of their results on their behalf. In the email to the school/form teacher, please indicate the following:</p><p></p><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp; Full Name of Proxy</p><p>2.&nbsp;&nbsp; Last 4 character of the Proxy’s identification number (eg. SXXX0456)</p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Proxies must be above 21 years old, and he/she will be required to produce the relevant documents for the school’s verification when collecting the result.</p><p></p><h3>Secondary One Registration for 2024</h3><p>Secondary One Registration for 2024</p><p>Secondary one registration will take place on 21 December 2023. There is <strong>no need</strong> to report in person to school on registration day. The acceptance form will be sent to parents via Parents Gateway to complete your registration on the day your child receives his/her secondary school posting result.</p><p>Please click <a href="https://www.woodlandsringsec.moe.edu.sg/secondary-one-registration-2024/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for more information.</p><h3>Class Timetable</h3><p>Click the link for <a href="/important-information/for-students/class-timetable/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Class timetable</a></p><h3>An Evening with Parents Principal's Address</h3><p>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Lm4A_NcJDWGe9wv-GnXVvemDg7WChSw6/view?usp=share_link" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for more information.</p>