---
title: Secondary One Registration 2024
permalink: /secondary-one-registration-2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Dear Parents/ Guardians,</p><p>Congratulations on your child’s/ward’s posting to Woodlands Ring Secondary School!</p><p>This year, there is no need to report in person to school on Registration Day. Please complete the acceptance form in Parents Gateway to complete your registration. You should receive the link latest by 20 December afternoon.</p><p>To avoid a long waiting time, it is strongly recommended that you purchase your books, uniform, and socks online with home delivery (delivery charges apply) from the respective vendors. Please click on the following links to access the vendor’s website.</p><p><strong>Books and Socks</strong></p><p><em>Please click <a href="https://cascoedusupply.com.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here</u></a> and use the following login credentials for the </em><strong><em>purchase of books and socks</em></strong></p><p><em>User name: WRSS&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>Password : 3319</em></p><p><strong>Uniform and PE Attire</strong></p><p><em>Please click <a href="https://www.euniforms.com.sg/shop/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here</u></a></em>.</p><p>However, if you wish to make your purchases in school on the 21 December or submit hardcopy supporting documents for new Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) applicants, please note that entry into school is by appointment and for a maximum of 1 hour. A valid booking receipt will be<strong> </strong>issued via the registered email after you have successfully made your booking.&nbsp;</p><p>To book your preferred time slot to make your purchases in school on the 21 December or submit hardcopy supporting documents for new Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) applicants, please click <a href="https://sites.google.com/moe.edu.sg/wrssreg2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</p><p>For safety reasons, no parking is allowed within the school premises. Kindly park your vehicles in the nearby multi-storey car parks.</p><p>In case of sales disruption to uniform purchase before the first day of school, students will be allowed to wear PE attire or primary school uniform in lieu of their secondary school uniform for the first few weeks of the school term.</p><p><strong>Checklist for Secondary 1 Registration Day&nbsp;</strong></p><p>A message will be sent to parents via Parents Gateway latest by 20 December afternoon with the link to the Acceptance Form for school posting.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Other Information</strong></p><ol><li><p>Financial Assistance Scheme Application (for new applicants)</p><p>Click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for new applications.</p><p>Click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/wrss-efas2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for applications approved by other schools.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Art Elective (AEP) and Music Elective Programme (MEP)&nbsp;</p><p>Click <a href="https://moe.gov.sg/mep" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for information on MEP</p><p>Click<a href="https://moe.gov.sg/aep" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"> here</a> for information on AEP</p><p></p></li><li><p>Parent Support Group</p><p>Click <a href="https://www.woodlandsringsec.moe.edu.sg/important-information/partners/psg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to find out more about our PSG activities.</p><p></p></li></ol><p>when we meet up with you via Zoom&nbsp;</p><p>Webinar on 29 December 2023, at 7.30 p.m.&nbsp;</p><p>If you have further queries, you may email the school at <a href="mailto:wrss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>wrss@moe.edu.sg</u></a> or call 6364 3712.</p><p>We look forward to welcoming your child/ward on 2 January 2024.<br></p>